RSTM Release 7 Notes

The latest RSTM release features the following changes:

- Support for the Intel Transactional C++ Compiler

- Several new algorithms and performance improvements

- Support for 64-bit environments

- A simpler microbenchmark harness

- New build system based on cmake

- Support for dynamic profiling of transactions, and machine-learning-based
  adaptivity policies

Important Build Notes

- We strongly encourage you to build **outside** of the source tree.  The
  following example assumes that you have this file located in
  /home/yourname/rstm:

  cd /home/yourname/
  mkdir rstm_build
  cd rstm_build
  cmake ../rstm
  make

- If you want to specify build options (e.g., 32-vs-64-bit), you can do an
  interactive configure by setting the '-i' flag when invoking cmake:

  cmake ../rstm -i

Please visit the RSTM Google code site for more information:

http://code.google.com/p/rstm

---------

About RSTM

RSTM is one of the oldest open-source Software Transactional Memory libraries. 
Since its first release in 2006, it has grown to include several distinct STM algorithms. 
It also supports several architectures and operating systems (x86 / SPARC; Linux, Solaris, MacOS).

As a research system, not all configurations are currently supported. However, among the various options 
one can find support for strong semantics (privatization, publication), irrevocability, condition synchronization 
(via 'retry'), and strong progress guarantees.

New Release (July 6, 2011)

Version 7 is now available. It features compatibility with the Intel STM compiler, several new algorithms, 
and support for plug-in adaptivity policies for choosing the best STM algorithm at runtime. 
It also supports 32-bit and 64-bit code, and uses cmake to simplify configuration.

Please note that while there are available .tgz files, we strongly encourage you to use the subversion 
trunk to get the latest version of the code.
Update (Aug 9, 2011)

There is a known issue with the ICC interface in recent revisions of the code. 
If you use the subversion trunk to download RSTM, please use revision 72 until further notice. 
